PROGRAM 4 steps, Spring 2017:

****Please do only one step at a time and do not move onto the 
next step until you have compiled and tested the current step:

You will need to declare variables along the way 

Download the program4.exe file  file from Canvas 
(YOU MAY NEED TO CONNECT TO THE ENGINEERING STUDENT DESKTOPS TO TRY IT)

WRITE THE PROGRAM 4 ALGORITHM before beginning the implementation,

***THE ALGORITHM DOES NOT NEED TO BE SUBMITTED ***

1. create a project and name the source code program4.c

2. Set up the main function and preprocessor directives

3. create ther struct with 6 fields (remember to use typedef struct)
   
4. implement the greeting function (prorotype, defintion, and call)

BUILD, RUN , and TEST

5. declare an array of your new type (size 40) and an integer to keep track 
of the number of itmes in the arrray initialized to 0

6. implement the HardCode five function - fill the array with 5 items and then set the number to 5

BUILD, RUN , and TEST

7. Now it is time to do the menu: implement the menu function and call it from main
use printf statment to test

BUILD, RUN , and TEST

8. create a while or do/while loop in main with conditions for all of the menu selections
add printf statements to test


BUILD, RUN , and TEST all the options: P, A, C, S, D, U, Q

9. Implement the Print List function, this function will be called when the user selects p
This function will print the 5 entries that have been already loaded into the array
You will need to adjust the formatting to display the information


BUILD, RUN , and TEST- select P

10. Implement the add and item to the list function, this function
 will add an entry to the list and will be called when the user selects A
 remember to add 1 to the number of items in thelist

BUILD, RUN , and TEST- select A, and then P

11. implement clear the list by setting the number of items to 0


BUILD, RUN , and TEST- select C, and then P, then A, then P

12. Implement the Print report function, this function will be called when the user selects S
This function is similar to the Print list function only you will need to add the file pointer and use fprintf
Be sure to declare, use and clsoe the file pointer inside the print report function
Go into the project directory to locate the report file that was created


BUILD, RUN , and TEST - select S

12. Implement the Disply Ids function
This function will be called when the user enters a D or a U

BUILD, RUN , and TEST - select D and select U (use printf statments to test)

13. Implement the search function
This function will be called when the user enters a D or a U

BUILD, RUN , and TEST - select D and select U (use printf statments to test)

14. implement the Delete an item function, remeber to subtract 1 from the number of items
BUILD, RUN , and TEST - select D, then P

15. implemnt Update a field function
BUILD, RUN , and TEST - select U, then P
